The raster graphics are located at \\benjamin\programming\development\imagework

There is a JSON file at this root - ImageWorkStep2.json (You need to remove the text line 
at the top of the file first)

We will be using the information from this JSON file to process the actual graphics.

The intent is to convert the raster image to vector (SVG) using the InkScape program.

The records marked ismask: TRUE are going to be converted to SVG and the raster portion removed.

The records marked ismask: FALSE are going to be converted to SVG and the vector portion removed.

There are several youtube videos on how to convert raster to vector using inkscape.
Here is one: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R6dgW5J0Osw

When you do the Path Trace Bitmap, you will need to play with the settings to get an image
that is similar to the original.  It appears that using 2 colors for the masks is acceptable.

The hope was that we could do the inkscape process programatically using automation.

The final goal is not to have svg files, but to have the portion in the g tag as a text field 
in the database.  I created a key to identify each graphic and that should be the key for the
svg.  Nate mentioned the GraphicResource entity and I haven't had a chance to check it out
just yet. That is the location for these SVG portions which will be translated, transformed, scaled,
rotated, colored then stacked to form a complete tooth image.

The images that are not masks will need to be translated as well, so that we can have the svg
as an encoded image so that it can be treated as text as well.

We will also need to identify the images that are not mirror'ed such as tooth number images, so
that we can perform special handling when rendering the chart.  Otherwise, mirroring will determine
the original source

Here is the standard mouth map (facing the patient - looking into the mouth)

permanent    upper   right side   1  2  3  4  5  6  7  8      9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16    left side
  primary                                  A  B  C  D  E      F  G  H  I  J
  
  primary                                  T  S  R  Q  P      O  N  M  L  K
permanent    lower   right side  32 31 30 29 28 27 26 25     24 23 22 21 20 19 18 17    left side

                              distal <--                mesial            --> distal
 
slot number is equal to the permanent tooth number

The processing will generally be performed on the images for slots 1-8 and 25-32  (right side).

When presenting a tooth from the left side, the mirror slot image will be used and the image will
be dynamically flipped horizontally.

Vertical mirroring is impossible as upper and lower teeth are vastly different.

